Readme.md, before:

# Randolf the reindeer
Autogenerated data for your tests.

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/christophsturm/maven/randolf/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/christophsturm/maven/randolf/_latestVersion)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master)

This is how it looks in action:
```
enum class BeanType { ROBUSTA, ARABICA }
data class Group(val name: String)
data class User(
    val firstName: String,
    val name: String,
    val age: Int,
    val lat: Double,
    val lon: Double,
    val favoriteCoffee: BeanType,
    val group: List<Group>
)
print(Randolf.create<User>())
        
//=> User(firstName=UVQyniDCPDuxYleOqVlx, name=xKQtkvybVJGeXHWUPBSE, age=12517728, lat=0.39825335948498386, lon=0.1518043402275937, favoriteCoffee=ARABICA, groups=[Group(name=TCZRDtzVuKrDqrmjgdqS), Group(name= txATFFGAPTXTNBeuCcN), Group(name=EiMytHwslatclHMaCDig), Group(name=I DFdlkHxiXxwXMdjHYo), Group(name=wbhsAlk wPmZkLCkBCJe), Group(name=LwBn WbOrUHKojWjbYBU), Group(name=qZryMZSZMhjgGtYUWQHP), Group(name=QcfoKlV p akKYqrEXRG)])
```

# Usage:
Add this to your gradle file's dependency block:

```
    testCompile("com.christophsturm:randolf:0.1.0")
```

Also add jcenter if you haven't already

```
repositories {
    jcenter()
}
```

Then you can create any kotlin data class simply like in the example above. 
Or set only the fields that are absolutely necessary by calling `Randolf.create(minimal=true)` instead.
Minimal mode will set all nullable fields to null, numbers to 0 and all strings, lists and maps to empty
Maybe it also works for non data classes but there's no unit test for that. If you think it should
work better for non data classes just give an example in a github issue.
Anyway, just give it a try tell me what you think. if in doubt whats currently supported, just take a look at the [unit tests](src/test/kotlin/randolf/RandolfTest.kt).



Currently supported types:
* String
* Int
* Long
* Double
* Enums
* List
* Set
* Collection
* Map

Next steps:
* make it configurable
* use a configurable random seed 
* add an optional non random mode inspired by [fakir](https://github.com/dmcg/fakir)
* look into kotlin native support

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/christophsturm/maven/randolf/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/christophsturm/maven/randolf/_latestVersion)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master)

Commit message:

make readme file more concise

Readme.md, after:

# Randolf the reindeer
Autogenerated data for your tests.

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/christophsturm/maven/randolf/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/christophsturm/maven/randolf/_latestVersion)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master)

This is how it looks in action:
```
enum class BeanType { ROBUSTA, ARABICA }
data class Group(val name: String)
data class User(
    val firstName: String,
    val name: String,
    val age: Int,
    val lat: Double,
    val lon: Double,
    val favoriteCoffee: BeanType,
    val group: List<Group>
)
print(Randolf.create<User>())
        
//=> User(firstName=UVQyniDCPDuxYleOqVlx, name=xKQtkvybVJGeXHWUPBSE, age=12517728, lat=0.39825335948498386, lon=0.1518043402275937, favoriteCoffee=ARABICA, groups=[Group(name=TCZRDtzVuKrDqrmjgdqS), Group(name= txATFFGAPTXTNBeuCcN), Group(name=EiMytHwslatclHMaCDig), Group(name=I DFdlkHxiXxwXMdjHYo), Group(name=wbhsAlk wPmZkLCkBCJe), Group(name=LwBn WbOrUHKojWjbYBU), Group(name=qZryMZSZMhjgGtYUWQHP), Group(name=QcfoKlV p akKYqrEXRG)])
```

# Usage:
Add this to your gradle file's dependency block:

```
    testCompile("com.christophsturm:randolf:0.1.0")
```

Add jcenter if you haven't already:

```
repositories {
    jcenter()
}
```

You can create any kotlin data class like in the example above. All fields will be set, even nullable fields.
You can select to set only fields that are absolutely necessary by calling `Randolf.create(minimal=true)` instead.
Minimal mode will set all nullable fields to null, numbers to 0 and make strings, lists and maps empty.
For more usage examples just take a look at the [unit tests](src/test/kotlin/randolf/RandolfTest.kt).


Currently supported types:
* String
* Int
* Long
* Double
* Enums
* List
* Set
* Collection
* Map

Next steps:
* configuration (while still making sure that it works great without any config)
* use a configurable random seed to reproduce test failures 
* add an optional non random mode inspired by [fakir](https://github.com/dmcg/fakir)
* build for kotlin/js and kotlin/native. 

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/christophsturm/maven/randolf/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/christophsturm/maven/randolf/_latestVersion)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/christophsturm/randolf/tree/master)
